Now let's add the same test for the just opening the logging component.
Just.
Yes.
And again, we are going to add the test to the interactions here, and I'm just going to copy it.
This test, it displays validation coming from back end.
So copying this one pasting here in this one, it just clearing its clears authentication fail message
when the email field is changed.
So this is the failing conditions.
So we are waiting for this error message to be visible.
Then we can update the email input.
So we will use user event type and we are going to fill the email input with a new value like let's
say new at mail.
Com.
But we need to define this as a variable here instead of form we are querying.
So let's have email input.
It is the input element and we have password input.
So our input and we will assign them here.
And this is for the password.
So in this test, after we receive the error, we are updating the email input and we are expecting
this error message not to be in the document.
We have a reference to it, but after the the email value is changed, the error must be gone.
Saving this one.
This is working.
And let's add the.
That's for the password.
So it clears authentication fail message when password field is changed.
So again, we are displaying the error message, but this time we will update the password input with.
Pass word to.
And the message will be gone.
Saving this.
And the tests are passing.